[Music] wait
a moment wait a moment family
because I have to sponsor these
beautiful wireless headphones that I've
been using for a few
months now on my cell phone they're an
almost exact replica of the typical iPods I've
used them almost daily for
months now and the truth is that they have very good
quality they sound outrageously
good an incredible battery that lasts
more than 24 hours it's compatible with both
Android and iOS and it's so easy to
use that even I charge my
tablets in the sun I'm able to connect it you
just open it and connect it to your
iPhone or your Android and they sound
divine plus they have this new feature
that I love which is that it's beautiful
okay it's a charger that you plug in
here you leave it on your work table
wherever you like it's a charger that you
just have to put this here
and it's charging
gorgeous Boomer freaking out with new
technologies plus they are divinely
priced you know the originals
cost something like 180 to 250
euros and this replica although it has a
price of 69 the charger costs 7 euros
with the code  discount that you have
here in the link and I'm telling you
Oliveira or it's going to be very cheap Look at
my soul buy code Oliveira pum 29
with 40 euros my weapon or rather this
is wonderful So nothing take advantage of
the offer I'm telling you it's very good and I
love the charger It's super good to take
advantage now that the Three Kings are coming and
buy the pack or buy a few
whatever you want with the
discount code Oliveira link in the
description enters the fifth in discord
another Sevillian and a good guy a guy that I
also had the opportunity to meet
at the Blue Tide concentration in
Malaga and apart from that he is someone who is straight
forward and I like straight
forward people family I present to you Javier
Oliveira good afternoon what's up How are
you to warm up a little I
wanted to tell you like this at the entrance not the
first to send a kiss to your mother please
forgive me I'm going to put my phone on
silent because it's probably my mother
who is watching me on YouTube to tell her
not to worry that I interrupted
the live because nothing happens in the end what
has to  do the mothers Call
the children And secondly I wanted to
comment on something that I brought up
about Kiko Hernandez Not apart from that
Poe from Instagram who posted the
same afternoon on Sálvame they
were also messing with Cintia this
girl is from Big Brother this the Big
Brother in disguise the secretary said that they did
n't trust her because she had
come from you I would
never trust anyone that
television comes from the hand of Antonio David
who had entered Telecinco from you
and then Kiko Hernandez said
man of course who empties themselves of something from
Antonio David you would buy him a
second hand car Antonio David normal
So from here I want to
answer here with Hernandez and with
this I have also answered the almsman
okay I don't know if I would buy him a
second hand car Antonio David but
the one I wouldn't buy a second
hand apartment from would be him who has a sentence for
misappropriation of six months in
prison the alms nothing happens it's not
wrong to ask for alms legally what is not It is
legal is to keep things that are not
yours
the first wish in the letter of  the Three
Wise Men from the television factory,
specifically from Sálvame, is next
in the meeting they have after the
date of the Three Wise Men. They have asked
the Three Wise Men to please do something
to raise the audiences, that
please Mediaset buy Pasión de
gavilanes Because if Antena 3, which was
formerly called the
sad channel, is trembling because the
analysis is the following: if Antena 3
buys Pasión de gavilanes between the
Turkish series and Pasión de gavilanes,
Sálvame has a quarter of an hour left, it has
very little time left on the grid and they
are quite worried, quite
worried, they promised a series of
things, second part of the documentary that was
not fulfilled, we talk about chimes,
you know the audiences we have had on
television at the end of the year, it is already
going according to what the second
strong year that still than the previous one, I
want people to open their eyes because
this is another means of communication that
every year is gaining more and more strength, I
tell you last year the
chimes rang, it had 300,000 viewers and
this year it was getting closer  the million
viewers has finished third
fourth along with the
television networks is what happened to Antena 3
with the chimes almost 38% with
more than 7 and a half million
viewers compared to Telecinco
with one million 171 thousand five hundred five point
nine audience Well no but on
top of that instead of grapes they had to
eat Kiko
Hernandez's olives who had to close the
factory because he doesn't sell them they
put together a television show a
docuseries based on nothing you Javi among others you
had the opportunity to analyze
that whole documentary breaking it down and
seeing one of the lies that they
were telling us but that people
really weren't in the mood to
analyze but rather they swallowed it
like watching TV you are watching a
gossip show you the person who
consumes this type of program what they
want is light content
easy to digest you are watching
entertainment pink salsa of a
lifetime so you swallow it you hire
people don't remember the story of
20 years ago many young people who have seen
this a lot of politics  Behind a lot of
political campaigning there was a little bit
of everything here and the great damage that Telecinco is doing
is because people have
felt offended people from one
political side on the other political side
real victims of gender violence we have to
start from a base until people who
care less than zero about women and they
care less than zero about violence
because they exercise it on their program okay
in the same way that she talks about
appearances around here we can think that she
has to go to work in a place of
lights because she has the appearance of a
dragged rogue that
Goodbye Chaguara
So these people we have to
simply start from the basis that this
documentary was made because they were up to
here with a lawsuit from Rocío Carrasco
and when you win, this agreement comes out in
which they made a documentary based on
Hey look, we're going to make the documentary
based on the script that you like and
clean up your image as you like and you take
away all the lawsuits that I
think that already takes away all the
credibility and any doubt that there is
regarding the content of the documentary
because it is a documentary blinded and
scripted so that the image is seen
as she wants it to  let's see if you have
an opinion regarding Rocío Carrasco
as a mother as a girlfriend as a daughter as a
sister as a sister-in-law as a plaintiff you
can change your opinion based on the documentary
on one of the aspects in two of
the aspects but 100% the things
that were said here with Hernández and the things
that María Patiño said until February are
worth it You can believe in the documentary
some things but 100% suddenly an
angel and a demon that can't
change your opinion a documentary and me
in one that has contradiction LL in one of the
other day says How good to have
my profession your profession doesn't have
any you are a brother what is what has
been a contestant on Big
Brother a real estate agency has neither
journalism nor any degree that
I know of what happens is as
another Big Brother called PP
herrero said he does his profession
of the TV factory very well not the profession
of the TV factory is that they
push him to crush the others
this is the one that must be attacked and he
seems to be trained he does it
perfectly and that is why he gives the orders
perfectly he is
44 years old  the image he has
today I also tell you one thing he is 44
years old the image he has today if he
disappears save me one day be careful eh Let's
see where you put him to work eh
Nowhere are you seeing the
play that I think he has sold
two tickets which are the two for his
children I think that are the ones that are going to go
see them I think they are going to put on his theater
with Jorge
Hernández's selling olives Last year last year not a
year and a half ago he started to defend that there
were people who were messing with
Antonio David who were on the cover with
his children and that if he sold his
private life and that if he exposed his children in a
magazine and Kiko Hernández said but if they
have ruined his life what the hell is he
going to live on if not what are his children going to eat
If he doesn't start selling exclusives
I say there are many people who say it's not that he
is using his children to
get ahead and I say I spoke for him
but that they are going to eat [ __ ] of course
the scene that must
never be forgotten No because if in the documentary by
Rocío Carrasco they were taken  images of
Tombola images of Martian chronicles I do
n't know what can
never be forgotten the image of the clip of
Kiko Hernandez saying the Sony arena
[ __ ] television [ __ ] that you put your [ __ ] up
to get [ __ ] and then the television came that's why she
has teeth that have been
broken a pull no and I get up I have
given you two slaps
in her bed and well to the dishes to collect that is
a television [ __ ] that
is a television menu with a [ __ ]
I get up then come on Although today
from an ex-partner because Sonia if I'm
wrong it was a script that man What is the
name of the trailer where
Paloma García Pelayo asks Julián Muñoz is
Isabel Pantoja it cost you a lot now what do we
do I mean she is pointing at Isabel
Pantoja why it
cost you that we
are going to see the same with Rocío
Carrasco in four five six
years and you know it I mean Rocío Carrasco
Now they are putting her on a
red carpet but when they have to hit her it will be the
same to me  I felt
this embarrassment for Jorge Javier and
Paolo Basile every time
Isabel Pantoja went outside to pick up
her son from a reality show or whatever they would
pick her up with drivers they would put
a rug on her they would put her in a
waiting room in a room I saw her with one
of those 300 euro bouquets or in other words Isabel
Pantoja when they wanted her to come back
35 welcome to your house welcome and
now you're going to hit her again if you
start watching the images of Jorge
when Rocio Flores was not yet
actively participating in
TV like now when he would go the best thing to
pick up his surviving cousin his cousin
not his aunt when he found her in the
hallways not when he was going to go to
Gloria Camilo's when he was on
Survivor playing Big Brother
no that his father was on Big Brother and
Rocio was there he went that way now Javier was
drooling over Rocio Flores it was
embarrassing Give me things as an uncle to
listen that you need to talk to her on your
knees because now he really has to hit her he
hits her Well, they
will do the same to Rocio Carrasco when it
works for her right now  they have an agreement
with her they have removed the lawsuits from the
agreement you will have an expiration date he
knew that if he had the trump card to try to
take her away and insinuate something about his
father, well he had everything won, of
course, well with all due respect, well she has
become evil, rabid and will go to the death with
her now and the harassment and demolition not in
such a cruel way they will not do the same
with Isabel Pantoja I mean now they will turn
them upside down and then they
will be able to offer her to do a
counter-documentary you know that is the first thing
I did when I saw the trailer for
Julio Muñoz the first thing I did was already
look to see if there was any news from
the last decade or something like that in
which Julián Muñoz had sued
the television factory, Telecinco,
any production company, you know for her
seeing what is behind it because of course the
case is not the same here maybe if they
give rise to debate here maybe if they
allow for the diversity of opinions and people
who defend Pantoja, people who defend
Julián, I think that here they will get
along  stick by both parties on that
the information that I have is the
following Isabel Pantoja is offered
the opportunity to make her a
new contract to return to
Telecinco Isabel Pantoja refuses under
the conditions that are offered to her and they
propose another alternative and the
alternative is to use Julian Muñoz
so I don't know if he will talk much about Operation
Malaysian which by the way I have a truck
full of papers from Operation Malaysian that
as they touch on the topics we
will see from the Channel I have
plenty of information a lot of
documentation and obviously they will talk about
the love relationship and how expensive it
cost Julian Muñoz to keep Isabel
Pantoja by his side No, that is the
very incisive question from Paloma García Pelayo
David, it could be that maybe it was
offered to her or they would have liked to make
another docu series now seeing the
audience result with Rocío
Carrasco when it is being broadcast to make
a docuseries with Isabel Pantoja that
Pantoja did not lend herself and that is why do
not doubt it, I mean it was Pepe Navarro Pepe
Navarro could not be his documentary like
He rightly said the TV factory and I
are or were negotiating to make a
documentary about my life it couldn't be
because we pulled enough strings
to report how was it possible that
a person convicted of abuse
was a guest on a
television program and
a documentary series was going to be made against him I mean it was already going to be
a scandal since that option was
logically declined they pulled Isabel Pantoja
Because it's not like there are many more
characters as you well know that have
that level of popularity and that
the audience ratings work so well for
Telecinco, the Pantoja family or the
Modern family they spoke to her and she didn't
lend herself so what happens well let's go
after Julian Muñoz what
surprises me about here is that it will be known
how Julian Muñoz is going to charge for that
documentary the first thing I looked at he's
sued them What kind of what kind of
move and he's going to open melons here no
Julian Muñoz sued them all but no
but independently from what I've
seen not the network as such I don't know
if the network as such but
collaborators and producers I am
absolutely convinced  yes
Don Jesús Gil finds out about the relationship
that Julián Muñoz has with Isabel
Pantoja, there he calls his attention and
tells him to forget about Isabel Pantoja,
Julián Muñoz ignores the
warning and recommendation of Jesús Gil and
from here I'll take a leap that you will
all remember a clear face that there was in salsa
Rosa a face to face of more than half an hour
arguing Jesús Gil with Julián Muñoz
where absolutely everything
that is cooking or what was cooking in the
Marbella mayor's office is uncovered like the
Rosito documentary in autumn it has not been possible what is
going to happen first Julián
Muñoz documentary or the first Rocío
Carrasco documentary the Rocío Jurado documentary
is going to take over the afternoons of Sálvame and they are
going to be broadcast as they measured themselves the
Rosito documentary was broadcast with the
same debate for the same debate they were
stopping the documentaries they were commenting
or maybe but in Sálvame or the afternoon and the
Julián Muñoz documentary is going to have its
space at night the second part
of  docudrama is at
such a weak point right now that it has no
substance to be in Prime Time
but it's not even a joke it's a biography
it's as if we watched that movie that was
shown on Antena 3 by Rocio Jurado
because it had nothing to do with what they had sold
with the blood and everything they had
sold So right now it's at
such a light point that it has no
substance like Rosario Mohedano
singing you see how little shame
really when the first trailer was
that they were going to beat her father, her
mother and herself the script for this
documentary was the same recording of
Rocio Carrasco for the suit Rosa had
60 hours of recording that was repeated
ad nauseam they aired like 15
hours 20 raw at most they didn't have
more than half of the raw yet which
was already the part where she talked about the
entire modern family because Of course
She what has this opinion of mine
wants to be on top she wants to win In the
end everyone has been left like
for the other let's call it the other side no
I think these people were going to  to sell It seems that they
are all dogs dogs don't
eat dogs Not all are abusers
Okay family I say goodbye Kisses to everyone
see you soon take care Thank you very much
[Music]